how are you
likewise good to see you too my man hey
now it's down to you to turn into
something some magical in 1900 there
were 200 tribe dresses in Britain your
great-great-grandfather not now they're
only three and the smell I mean this
place just stings of tribe what does the
wife's out of your home she doesn't she
doesn't she left she left all right
Peter and I boil my tribe to make it
more tender look like ever dude if he is
and then bleach it to improve the color
it's hard to believe that's the same try
you know in terms of you know how
palatable it looks now Peter supplies
Bob and Christine will run a traditional
tribe stall at the market in Akron and
Stanley's how hi buddy Li I see you well
yep Christine
there's Miss Ellie battle that customers
love tribes so much here they even eat
it raw now how you gonna cook that we
can do with the tribe as it is as is we
solve it solve it again easy cold call
nice ode on the green to find out who's
actually buying Bob's tribe I'm gonna
give him a hand on the store thank you
oh that's nice and cozy in here now is
this morning madam that's right my
darling
yes you want you to do with it vinegar
yeah glow if it's elected
how old are you please 91 suffered in 91
on Saturday many happy returns
Saturday morning sir we're gonna have
this morning jelly onion is that for
tonight's dinner no no actually that's
not sure to get no that's just for snack
man come on the fact that just being
here for last 5 minutes and watching you
know the customers coming and pick up
the tripe how old they are and in a way
that you know there's not enough youth
eating it it's ripe ladies there's only
one out there and the age of 30 would
like to buy some tribe tribes clearly
got an image problem
and many young people haven't even tried
it so with Bob's help I'm setting up my
very own belly delia to reinvent it as a
really tasty dish all right yeah yeah be
goings gut hut yes right and Bob what
we're gonna do is something sort of
modern okay so pant fly tribe yes with
some lemon and parsley if we get it
looking fresh and modern a lot more
people than will eat it
okay first of all chop some onions and
garlic and sweat so this is a my way of
doing tribe sort of fast you know like
fast food then toss the tribe in some
flour and season with salt and cayenne
pepper
or just to make it a little bit more
sort of tangy and fresh you use vinegar
don't you yeah I'm gonna grate some
lemon on there yeah and what that does
it just makes it a little bit sort of
lighter fresher a little bit more
zestier yeah I don't wanna do now is fry
it very very quickly
well okay
season with fresh parsley and a squeeze
of lemon yeah yeah now we're ready who
would like some try please anybody here
in Akron who hasn't eaten tribe yes they
are all the tripe virgins
yeah here we go why haven't you ever
tried before my darling because it just
didn't look very nice you like it it's
really nice actually yes and it's quite
in the climate well I think can I try
yeah good girl Hey look what these new
customers are getting you like it a
little oh yes how old are you I'm 18
that's my hair so we've gone from 90 to
18 this morning right up there right
guys come over how are you doing now
this is accurate and Stanley's 100 Evans
this dish here is full of protein holy
six tonight right yes fantastic it's a
load of bollocks that people don't like
tripe anymore because cooked in a modern
way they love it look at this lock next
time you're out get down to your butcher
and get some try for dinner it's
delicious and healthy